..."My Goddess" Bast
Time is running out
Please allow me to
save my brother from this disease
I will never question your existence again
His heart rate is dropping rapidly, what's up?
We're finishing a sequence now .
Grio, hand me the control.
Your command, Princess
What is the success rate?
.it's 25 percent
We have to try another way
King T'Challa's heart rate decreased to
31 beats per minute
Princess, you must stay by his side
I have to think, everyone get out
Get out!
What is the success rate?
It's 29.1 percent
Print it!
Princess, I realize there is an emergency
...but I must warn you
The success rate of this artificial heart herb
in achieving the desired effect is very small
.I do not care! Has to work
Greo? -
Yes, princess? -
What is my brother's heart rate?
…your brother
is with the ancestors
No!
We give thanks for the gift of King T'Challa
Black Panther "The Nation"
Son of King Tchaka
my son.
A descendant of the revered King Bashinga
The first "Black Panther".
We release you
Glory to the ancestors
(tchala)
"The tiger king lives in all of us forever,
and rests with the ancestors forever"
Sorry
Marvel Studios
"a year later"
United Nations
Geneva, Switzerland
I have the honor to invite Her Majesty the Queen, Raymonda
Lumumba's daughter and ruler of Wakanda
France
…Mr. President
I believe I speak for all
Member States present
When I say that I am deeply disappointed in Wakanda's failure
To standby promises to participate
… in the global effort
To tackle international challenges
to share resources and full cooperation
concerning Vibranium
"France" received information indicating the possibility
of using "vibranium" to manufacture weapons of mass destruction
We don't know of a metal detector that can detect it
It threatens global security and the non-proliferation regime.
And now let's hear from Her Majesty Queen Raymonda
Wakanda
It has always been our policy to never trade vibranium
under any circumstances
Not because of the dangerous potential
vibranium might because
of the dangerous potention
that you may pose
Outreach center for Wakanda,
Insongo, Mali.
The surveillance cameras stopped
Get down immediately!
Get down! Come on
Where are the "vibranium" tools?
Who can reach it?
You pretend to be committed here
But we are aware of every whisper in the
corridors of your leadership and military installations
They whisper, “The king is dead
The Black Panther is gone.
"They lost their protector."
...the right moment has come."
Let's attack
Anika! Where is your spear?)
Shuri gave me these two to try
you like me more.
…Our grandmothers provided us with spears because they are so delicate and elegant
and lethal.
This will not change and I am the leader
Your command, General
I asked you not to bring them
Another attack happened last night
...on one of our call centers
...and prove the involvement of a Member State
It is being downloaded to your phones as I update you
…As for the identity of those who carried out the attack
Kneel!
No thanks on duty.
Let our rational response to this attack
... be a gesture of peace accompanied by a warning
Any other attempt to take over our resources
will be considered direct assault
Our reaction to it will be much greater
The parting of our King tears our hearts apart
But don't think for a moment
Wakanda has lost its ability
to protect its resources
We are aware of the relentless efforts of some to
find vibranium outside of Wakanda
Good luck finding it in your dreams
"Atlantic Ocean"
Helicopter 625 requests permission to land
Well, meet you there. -
All right.
Welcome!
I thought you were retired! -
So am I!
They said that machine's chance of finding
vibranium was one in a billion
even less.
Here we go
The pressure of the suit is stable at one below zero.
Depth 243 metres,
passing the thermocline
My vital signs are stable
Science.
We hit the bottom
Excellent, you're near the spot, Salazar
yeah, it's amazing.
It looks like the drill hit a metal material.
Whatever it is, it's really solid.
I've never seen a drill
in this much damage
I can't believe my eyes
Vibranium in the ocean.
Let's get the vibranium detector out of there, since
we don't have any
We're heading for the vibranium detector
Communication lost, Salazar
Yes, the power went out
You know, I'll fix it on my own
What was that?
Jackson
Tell me you see this.
Hey, Salazar's heart rate is going up! Salazar,
can you show me what you see?
It's a ghost jellyfish
! I've never seen one this color!
"signal lost"
Prepare the emergency diving team!
Salazar, we just lost
Jackson's vital signs. do you see him
No, he's gone
Can you explain? What do you mean by "gone"?
Do you hear me, Salazar?
Salizar?
"signal lost"
Smitty, we have a problem here.
What's that sound?
West, do you see the source of that sound?
West, do you hear me? Around
West, do you see something?
It's a sonic attack.
Smitty, put your earplugs on.
We are under attack, send a strike team immediately
Flag, distress call
Helicopter 625 is requesting immediate assistance.
They are Wakandan
This is certain.
Henderson
Smitty, we have to go!
Let's go.
What is happening?
Move off the edge.
Go!
Come on!
Let's go right away!
Spin the helicopter and shoot them down!
Well, they are gone!
God!
Just get us out of here.
We're all set
Where is the attack team?
They weren't Wakandan, they were blue
...everyone died
So what's going on?
Warning: Failed to rotate.
We are pulled back
God!
God! hold on
Yesterday, Queen Raymonda of Wakanda
gave a scathing speech at the United Nations.
While her army escorted the captured mercenaries
onto the land of the United Nations
It's been a year since Queen Raymonda was installed
as ruler of Wakanda
After the sudden death of King T'Challa,
due to an undisclosed illness last year
All eyes are on the powerful nation
...as it becomes increasingly isolated
my queen.
We are approaching the river borders
We got home
Oh princess!
Give me a moment, I'm in the middle of something.
...I understand, Princess, but--
you are disturbing my thoughts--
noise!
Mom!
I was trying to tell you the Queen's coming
Thanks. -
This thing is making me nervous.
I think artificial intelligence
will kill us all one day
My AI isn't like in the movies, Mom . It
obeys my commands
Yes, if only one's children were as obedient as he is
Everyone seems to be working hard
Yes, the Rapid Emergency Response Squad
There may be many unknown dangers on the horizon.
The band provides solutions to confront them
what is this?
Exo suits for our army
It grants its wearer superhuman strength,
speed and endurance
But as always, Okoya has notes on it
What were her notes?
she hates it.
How about reshaping the herb heart-shaped?
Have you made any progress in this regard?
Excuse me, princess.
Ya's daughter Nakia is trying to call you again
...perhaps you should--maybe you
should continue with your accounts as I have asked you-
as you wish princess.
I don't need the herb, mom
I need a new technology.
What about "Black Panther"?
It has been a beacon guiding us to unity for centuries
Out of date for the Black Panther, Mama
I didn't want the herb to save our
flame. It was to save my brother
noise!
Do you know what today?
Tuesday.
I mean history, my daughter
The memory of my brother's passing
He died a year ago on the same day
Did you prepare anything?
Yeah, it includes taking me for a ride.
right Now? -
Yeah. -
And you can leave your kimoyo beads here.
Mom! -
No, you won't need it where we go!
And the other two beads as well
Yes.
You have to sit here with me and yourself
It's the only way to heal the wound
left by T'Challa's death
I'm fine mom.
You don't have to worry about me
We parted, but I'm moving on
T'Challa leaving us in body
does not necessarily mean leaving us in spirit
When that disease took your brother from among us
I had to lead a wounded nation and a wounded world
but I did spend time in the wilderness though.
I roamed the valleys until I found water
and sat.
Then I did a ritual that I'm about to show you
I felt your brother in the gusts of the breeze
pushes me softly but firmly.
I felt as if his hand was on my shoulder
It took me a while
but he was present.
He wasn't there, mom
Your feeling of his presence was a figment of your imagination
At the risk of feeling some solace or joy
No more, no less.
What does your imagination weave when you think of your brother?
Does it give you solace?
Or torment?
Come on, my daughter
Where did you get it from? -
And what is the significance of that? -
What does this have to do with your weather?
Burning burial clothes put an end to the period of grief
It marks the beginning of a new relationship
with our loved ones who left us
I will not do this, mom.
If you sit and think about my brother for long
I will not burn these clothes
I will burn the world.
till the last of it.
(noise)
Shuri, there's something about your
brother that I need to tell you
Wait, mom!
What do you do?
It better not be part of your ritual.
Stop!
who are you? How did you get here?
this place is amazing.
The air is pure
…and water
My mother told me stories about a place like this
A protected land whose residents do not have to leave
And they don't have to change their nature
Why would one reveal his secret to the world?
I'm not a woman who tends to repeat herself.
who are you?
I have many names
My people call me Kukulkan
My enemies call me Nemoor
The U.S. military has discovered vibranium beneath
my kingdom 's soil
…I could
prevent them from extracting it.
But we need Wakanda's help to prevent this from happening again
They use a machine designed by an American scientist
The "vibranium" only exists here
In Wakanda
Mom, he's literally wearing it.
Your son revealed the power of vibranium to the world
Because of that, all countries are searching the planet for it
His choice, put us in danger
I think Wakanda can find the
sign and bring it to me
It's only fair that Wakanda would help us
solve our problem
You are not entitled to infiltrate my kingdom
and determine for me what is fair.
I have more soldiers than the grass of your land
And their strength is unparalleled
I don't want to go back under different circumstances.
When you have
the marker, blow on this and put it in the ocean
I'll come a little later
...for your own good
Never tell anyone outside of Wakanda about my existence
Did you see the wings on his ankles?
How did he do that?
We have to call the council
The air traffic control systems did not detect any activity at all
Are the river borders breached?
If my soldiers were there,
this Fishman would be chained in front of us right now
If you had a brain the size of your muscles, it
would still be there choking on fluff like your muscles now
Bald demon!
Show some respect!
respect"?"
They should be ashamed to stand before us
Watch your tone, son of the Jabari!
...as I was saying
No air surveillance camera caught him
It was not detected by radar either
So, he swam 100 km underwater?
He was not alone and claims to lead a massive army
...He wants us to hand him over an American scientist
To kill them?
Do it
We've never encountered an enemy with vibranium before
And the Black Panther isn't there to protect us
The reason is that this council allowed
Killmonger to ascend the throne
And burn all your precious heart grass
Embaco, how do you think we should act?
We have to find the "fish man" and kill him
If we do what he's asking now
So what's stopping him from coming back and asking for more?
.as I was
Is this my opinion alone,
or is this suit getting uglier?
This is your opinion alone
So, do you work? -
yeah. -
That machine can
detect the modulated frequency of vibranium
Through water, stones and even heavy metals
Whoever built it is shrewd
Come on, look
Some of the parts are for the machine . Some of
them look like they were brought from a junkyard
I'm still trying to comprehend
the presence of vibranium outside of Wakanda
maybe fell more than a meteorite.
Most of our planet is made of water,
so the other meteor's fall makes sense
This changes everything we know
The Great Mountain and all the legends and myths
Those stories are etched in my mind
How painful that sounds!
So we need to find that sign at the end
.I have an idea
I will need a princess.
On my dead body.
Its condition does not allow participation in field work,
my queen
Perhaps the exit will be relieved
may be exactly what she needs.
I can also complete this American operation with
my eyes closed
Americans don't worry about me
This is Naymore.
Sneak through our defences
This will never happen again
He wasn't alone
you will be with me.
…if
When are we leaving to meet my favorite colonizer?
Alexandria
Virginia
Come on!
Yes I understand.
Understood.
slow down.
Did you ever think of calling?
And why would I have your number?
We're looking for the scientist
who made the vibranium detector
So you were responsible for what happened in the Atlantic?
Do not pretend to be ignorant, drill ship.
You have left many victims
What happened there? -
Seriously? -
It was a joint operation. between us and the navy
It has 30 of their best men,
and two of our best officers
two friends of mine.
They all died
Simply.
...aside from their vibranium mining -
I assure you, Wakanda has nothing to do with this.
So who was he?
It 's supposed to be a reciprocal relationship.
I give you information and you do the same
For our own safety, we cannot tell you
It is necessary that we get to the mark before something else happens
You owe me, Ross
you owe it to my brother.
ok, listen.
There are agents who have been sentenced to death for
revealing less information than they were about to reveal
...and we have a new female director
.watch me closely
We will need to be very careful
Not only caution, but speed as well
The United States needs a new machine... and
that's the only girl who can make it
So they will come looking for her
girl"?"
Cambridge
Massachusetts
Hey!
forgot to pay me.
Mind you, 800 bucks, right?
This was yesterday's price, it's a thousand today
that's tough.
I manufactured the whole robotic arm
but you just corrected the fist algorithm.
And what mark did you get?
Thanks.
Is this an iPhone? -
How primitive!
my queen.
We found the scientist
It's in an American alternative
to a village school in Wakanda
School"?"
Please tell me she is a professor
She's a student, mom.
We can't turn it over to Naymore
Take that student back to Wakanda
I command you, my queen
I'll take care of it from here
Hey, maybe I should talk to her
This will be less noticeable
I can not look away.
What?
Nothing - is
the problem in the make-up? -
no!
The glasses don't fit, right? -
It's a perfect fit.
Fenty 440, you look good.
I can get involved with them as a student
.I can do that
I give you five minutes
- Yes!
Solve this equation first or don't knock.
Welcome!
Riri Williams (?)
I no longer work directly.
Go to the website
It is an encrypted file.
I wanted it delivered directly to you.
...you are
You are Princess Shuri!
What on earth are you doing here?
So, am I going to be recruited?
!no
I came here because of the vibranium detector I built for the
CIA
I didn't make it for the CIA!
I made it for my metallurgy!
school project? -
Yeah. -
My teacher said it was impossible for me to do it
But I proved him wrong like any other talented young black woman
You probably don't say that in Wakanda
How old are you?
I am 19 years old.
Mostly, adults do not accept the genius of children
How long did it take you to make it?
Two months.
Two months?
The hardest part was finding mylar chicks
...big enough to cover
Wait, did you piss off Wakanda?
Not just us
This place is no longer safe for you
Gather your things and accompany me immediately
I have a differential equations class in 15 minutes!
Good.
Good
...wait here
I will enter the toilet.
…Just
I was in control
You said five minutes and I gave you six
Get out! Get out of my room
Get out!
Hey!
I warn you! Don't ever come one step closer to me
See how they teach kids to treat their guests?
You brought a spear here?
I brought a spear here!
She likes me.
Hey, put it down!
You're going to hurt yourself, come on
It's okay, princess
little girl up.
I will give you two options
You can come to Wakanda
either conscious or unconscious.
You have to know your shape first!
You walk around with ash on your head!
is this funny? -
No.
I told you! -
You look good!
Calm down! We're leaving, okay?
And she can handle
this mermaid with winged ankles on her own
who wants to kill her.
You 're hers. -
Confront him with the heater.
Let's go.
What?
What exactly is this place?
I fixed a few trucks for the head of the sanitary department
I am allowed to use that workshop in exchange for that
I just have to bring my work computer
Please, don't touch anything
don't worry about this.
It may not look like a fancy place,
but all my life's work is here
So, designing the machine on your computer?
Yes.
And you leave it on a desk in a car shop?
It is encrypted with a key of 2065 bytes.
It is amazing.
Have you ever been unable to access it? -
It took me a semester to do it.
I had to build a functioning quantum computer
just to bypass my cryptography
What are you building here? Is this Stark technology?
I said don't touch anything
Princess,
US law enforcement has reached your location
Damn -
what was that? -
artificial intelligence.
They surround us
Didn't you say that a mermaid is chasing me?
It's the Feds!
I don't need these troubles now!
I swear!
I show up for my class on time, I must be very stupid
Quite foolish to think that the Princess of Wakanda
would come to my doorstep and misfortune would not begin to happen.
I think I will venture and face this mermaid.
Because at least the
feds didn't come to my workshop
...Listen, Neymore sank an intelligence ship
Because of your machine?
So the cops out there are the
least of you to worry about
We have to cooperate to get out of here
General, they surround us
Maybe we should just part
On My Body.
Does this car work?
No.
Everything in this lab works so this bike.
Don't even think about this
besides we are three people.
Two people, I'm taking this
I was sure.
Don't tell me you made it in two months
It took me years to make it...on and off
Beautiful, have you ever flown with it?
Is it wide to fly?
There is a YouTube channel that just shows me flying on it
that's cool.
We have an arrest warrant for student Riri Williams!
Wireless communication device.
Until we communicate together. -
Don't try to run away from us.
General Okoya and Princess Shuri,
come out with your hands up
What junk! -
Listen, handle it carefully, please.
Keys on the seat.
When we get to the other end of the bridge,
we can get lost in the Boston traffic
General, we really have to part ways
Listen to me, we are not in your lab but in the field
Now get in the car
You are always yelling at me
The tactical unit will storm the entrance
...after three, two
One.
The Feds! Don't move
What the hell is this?
Die! She has an Iron Man suit! They backed off.
Don't move!
I think she can fly.
Greo? -
Yes, princess? -
Now! -
Activate Remote Driving!
No, Shuri!
Song name: "They Want It, But No"
"Singer name: Tobe Nwigwe"
Let's go!
"Grio!"
Show me the picture!
Greo? -
Yes, general? -
Take me to the Princess,
or I will plunge my spear deep into your central unit
To the point that you will be unable to
process the simplest data for a thousand years
Give me a moment, General.
Okoya, I'm on my way to you.
"Police"
Greo, let me control this car right now!
I clear your way.
You can control it, General.
Manual drive has been activated.
We have to find a place to withdraw from
There is one at the river
They are blocking the bridge
Princess, there's a drone watching you
How high is it? -
Nine kilometers.
Hey
I'll take care of it
Think about it, Riri, we have to solve the equations
...when equal to relative velocity
Riri, I don't think you can make it to that plane
without an oxygen mask
The oxygen level is now 55 percent
Eight and a half kilometers
The oxygen level is now 30 percent
Top speed, I have to adjust the Euler angles
... that's about it
...a direct injury
The oxygen rate is zero percent
The drone is no longer tracking you
The height is 150 meters and less.
Riri, are you okay?
Riri?
I'm good.
We are under attack!
God!
Die!
And don't worry, I've got a special ride for you.
After three, two, one
Well done, Riri!
Riri!
What just happened? Shuri?
noise!
The princess's vital signs are
stable, General
She will regain consciousness shortly
If you go one step closer
I will kill you all.
Put down your weapons!
Kill the scientist
I will take care of the witnesses
Present.
Is it blue?
Kill that woman first.
Put down the weapon!
Go to Namora
I am not worthy of my prayer.
What is the reason for the delay?
It's not the right time to have fun
(Okoya)
Hey!
Activating translation
I am Shuri... the princess of Wakanda
I demand that I be taken to Naymore
and that girl not be harmed
Shall we take them both alive?
Yes, Otuma
Breathing
(noise)
Ross, from the agency, any witnesses?
No, but I think they were the Wakandans
Excuse me?
Our office got a tip from Langley that they were coming
Well, who was told that information?
She is the actors
Director (De Fontaine).
seriously?
…Good
The client thinks they were Wakandan
Yes, we've been watching them
one by one since they took down our ship
That's why I wanted you to come here
you look good.
I try to do my best.
Have you prepared your home gym? -
Yes, last year.
Maybe I'll stop by your house
sometime...to practice on a pedal bike
Welcome.
I am the Special Agent in charge. -
Good luck! Are you going to show me the evidence or what? -
Yes, after you. -
Yes, well.
Well - so
what happened here? -
We think it was a car accident
But we can't find cars.
What do you mean? Was the place like this when you found it?
Yeah, we think someone got rid of the cars
and how's that? -
I was thrown into the river. -
Unbelievable.
It has the Institute of Technology label on it
.I want her transferred to the NSA immediately
Ross, is your car full of gas?
Will you take me back to Langley?
It's an eight hour drive!
Yeah, we can discuss the issue.
...Actually, I wouldn't mind
To apologize to you for some of the things
I said to you when we were married
They were blue
And they had miraculous powers
They came out of the water on the back of whales
I killed three of them!
But they got up again
I'd like to leave immediately to get our princess back
...(Okoya)
You will be stripped of the position of general of the armies of Wakanda
And your role in the warrior squad
...let me speak
My queen.
You can speak.
Please.
I gave my all!
Allow me to die while I save my country and this throne
I ask you this, mom
Allow me to fix the situation
Fix the situation?
I don't know if my daughter is alive or dead
We may be too hasty
She raised a spear in her husband's face for Wakanda's sake
And where is her cheating husband now?
In a place where she can visit him if she wants
... My husband is me
He is the company of the ancestors.
I am the queen of the most powerful nation in the world
And I lost my family until the last of its members
Didn't I give my all?
Stand up, General!
I supported you after Killmonger took the throne
And you and the elders of this chamber supported him
While I'm running away, I beg for protection from the Jabari.
I already warned you not to take my daughter on this mission
and i lost it.
...so today
Kelly rash
Do you hear me, Grio?
Yes, my queen.
Were you with Shuri when she was kidnapped?
Yes.
Can you trace her kimoyo beads?
Ballistics found bullets
all over Cambridge
The Wakandans really roamed the city
I don't know how they found out that it was made by the machine!
As it is top secret information
what is this? Is it a new ring? -
Shit.
Excuse me, Director, I have to reply
Stop with titles, reply, I don't care
Hello my love.
No, I'm with my boss now
in fact, you will leave your boss.
Good.
I will work from home and then I will take a shower.
(Everett Ross)
Queen Raymonda?
Why did you hold the kimoyu beads for Shuri?
I didn't know it was her beads, okay?
I found him at a very horrific crime scene
Is the female student with you?
Shuri was trying to save her when the
two of them were kidnapped
What? Who kidnapped them?
My agency assumes that you are the perpetrator
And I'm afraid they realize that I've
guided Shuri and Aquai to the right path
Look, if they're in danger, I want to help,
but I can't if I don't know what's going on
I fear the emergence of new world powers on the scene
Do you mean a country we know or another entity?
This is all I can say for now
I beg you.
Alert me if your government decides to act
based on its suspicions
Present, of course
Listen, if I can
do something to help, tell me
I owe Shuri my life
Grio, was Shuri wearing her earrings?
Lost track of them in the North Atlantic
But her captors spoke
the Mayan language of the Yucatáns
"(Cap-Haitien)"
"(Haiti)"
Welcome.
Did you come to see the headmistress?
Here it is.
Very well.
Welcome.
Please excuse us
Madam Queen Mother
Everything here is a lesson for children
They paint their walls and feed the fish
and they grow everything we eat here.
Some of the concepts here are familiar to me,
but you're using different materials
Yeah, we only use the ones in Haiti
We missed you at T'Challa's funeral
Madam Queen Mother
Six years have passed since we parted
I thought you'd come back,
at least for the funeral
…I was afraid
From the funeral put an end to the matter once and for all.
...(Nakia), daughter (oh)
You will always be a daughter of Wakanda wherever you go.
And you know that death is not the end
Thanks.
What's up with everyone at home?
Salience
What?
It has already infiltrated many nations
that was a long time ago.
I was a different person then
I want someone who can find out where she's being held
and rescue her without anyone realizing he's there
Who would risk a war with Wakanda?
God!
OK, breathe.
Don't ask me to breathe
Where on earth are we?
We are in a cave. I'm not sure where it is
God!
What is this?
Glowing worms, their larvae are the source of light
.just calm down
Well, is there a new Black Panther
you can summon to come and get us?
No.
Why not?
Because it is not easy anymore.
Black Panther is gone
When I was kidnapped, you didn't have the Black Panther anymore?
Oh princess.
The members of the royal family here wear traditional clothes
We made this for you.
Do you understand it?
Not exactly.
No.
This is supervillain stuff.
It is present in all films
Princess Leia.
And Belle from "Beauty and the Beast,
" and that white girl in "Indiana Jones."
There is nothing wrong.
You'd be surprised if you saw what I had to wear to
the Warrior Falls festivities
come with me.
Hey
You won't leave me here, right?
I'll come back.
Stay calm.
Do you eat
Yucatan Peninsula
(Mexico)
Hello ma'am. Nice to meet you.
How do I help you?
… My name is Maria Aldana. I am a student of Merida
I do not care. Please leave.
Yes of course. I don't mean to offend you
...just give me a moment.
My teacher mentioned a study
…in which you told the researchers that you saw something
An unimaginable person
No one comes better than talking to strangers.
Please
Go away. immediately
I saw him as well.
...we sometimes glimpsed a winged man
on the beach…
We thought it was a soul
The Kukulkan
Our King, the Feathered Snake
to this world and the underworld…
I want to go to this beach
…I warn you
The Kukulkan was there long before me and you
Others searched for him
…and they carry in their hearts evil intent
and they never came back.
...lost in the depths
…forever
Oh princess.
Welcome.
Please, take it easy
It's beautiful.
It belonged to my mother.
All artifacts from Central America
Mostly from the 16th century
Was I alive since then?
Your mother was human
right.
Then I switched to something else
How? -
The important thing is not how but why
1571 AD
(Zama)
(Yucatan)
My mother and the people of her village were forced to leave their farms
because of the Spanish invaders who brought smallpox with them.
Hate language and church doctrine from another world
They had to contend with famine, war and disease
He had them turn to Chuck
Our god of rain and prosperity
Who "chucked" the shaman with a vision
A way to save his people
Chuck shows him a plant growing on a blue stone
My mother was pregnant with me at the time and refused to eat the plant
for fear of what you might do to me.
No. My baby.
But the shaman was in disguise
Your child is ill
Only this will cure him
Your child will be the first born in our new home
…Consider this gift as a promise
That he will be our new king
They all got sick
...and their lives
...and they are there
is over.
The plant stripped them of the ability to breathe land air.
It allowed them to take in oxygen from the sea
They settled in the ocean
away from war and diseases.
Let's go!
My mother gave birth to me there.
And I became the first person to be born in Tallocan
The plant provided me with winged ankles and ears
pointing towards the sky
I was trans.
I could swim in the sky.
My age slowed
And you could breathe the air of our ancestors,
when you get old
My mother was bemoaning the life
she knew before
And she died of a broken heart
She made me promise to bury her in the soil of her homes
I did not expect at all what I saw there
whose son is this?
Fire!
You are a devil.
(Iblis' son)
A faithful Spanish man cursed me as he died at my hands
...take care of
"El Niño Sin Amor"
The child is without love
And from his words, I took my name
(Neymore).
Because my love for the surface world is non-existent.
Why are you telling me all this?
To understand why I have to kill the scientist
What if we take her to Wakanda?
We were released.
I promise you will stay in my country.
I can't risk it, Princess.
So he kept me in her place
I would like to see your nation.
You can't go down to her in this.
You will hypothermic at
about the same moment
Your blood will be poisonous
The pressure of the ocean will shatter every bone in your body
or you can wear a suit.
We have a number of them. come
stay close to me.
Hey, Neymore! wait
Name of the song: "Con La Brisa"
"Foudeqush: Name of the singer"
(Talocan)
"Capital"
Welcome.
This is beautiful.
Made of vibranium
Yes.
in the depths of the ocean
I brought the sun to my people
I know you wanted me not to kill the scientist
But now you see what I have to protect
Your hunch was right, Nakia
I located the two kimoyo earrings Shuri was
wearing
The signal comes from an underwater cave
At a depth of approximately 140 meters below the surface
Queen Mother, I found her sign
issues from an underwater cave.
If it's down
there, I'm sure I'll run into resistance
How would you like me to act?
Get back the princess by any means possible.
I'm going to try to lure Naymore out
You're the first person from the surface to come to Talocan
Please take this as a token of our gratitude
Made from the plant that saved Taloscan
You are young, princess
If you get old like me
You realize that we all lose everyone we love
But when I lost my brother, the feeling of losing him was different
He suffered in silence
And when he finally asked me for help, I
couldn't give it
How is this reasonable?
That the ancestors give me gifts and skills
To help me save my brother, when I can't?
Why?
I do not have an answer to this question
As my ancestors used to say
Only the most broken people
can become great leaders
I admire what you have built here
How did you protect your people?
But as the princess of Wakanda,
I wouldn't have that young woman killed
My nation will not know rest until I am returned
I wouldn't go without it
We have to find a peaceful way to settle the situation
The topic is no longer about the scientist
For centuries surface nations have
conquered and enslaved people like us
for resources.
since the day my mother was buried
And I am preparing my people for the time they come to invade us
And that instrument is a sign that the time has come
I must know if Wakanda is an ally or an enemy
There is no room for a middle position
So you intend to wage war on the whole world
And you want Wakanda to help you?
This is madness.
No nation would not be willing to pillage Wakanda
if given a chance
If we form an alliance
We will be able to protect each other by
attacking those nations first
And then, after removing the threat of those nations
The scientist will be returned to Wakanda
And what will happen if you don't accept Wakanda?
The scientist will die
Wakanda will be the first nation to fall
An attack on my people?
Yes.
And I want you to listen to me
Wakanda is unable to win
a war against the Taloscans
…you have been called
Oh Kukulkan
I heard you that night
When you were with your mother near the river
You said you wanted to set the world on fire
Let's burn it together
Central Intelligence Agency
(Langley, Virginia)
Queen Raymonda refuses to sell us any vibranium
Now they have kidnapped the young woman who made the machine
Respectfully, Riri Williams is a child genius
She was outperforming all of her teachers
The Wakandans were recruiting her
into the outreach program they created
No more, then you sent a SWAT team
under cover of darkness
To arrest the crown princess of a superpower
The President wants offensive action
against Wakanda
What kind of offensive action?
Destabilization.
Special Officer Ross is our expert
What do you think, Ross?
My sources tell me there is another party involved
another nation? -
Maybe, I don't know.
You must give me enough time to
investigate this properly
Otherwise, we will find ourselves in a war against a country.
We are unable even to comprehend its military capabilities
What's the director?
He is the expert in my opinion.
Attacking "Wakanda" would be a mistake, in my opinion
yes? -
We have a problem.
"(Coral Filho)"
"(Cape Verde)"
Is my daughter alive?
The princess is alive and well.
She asked to be taken to Tallocan
and will remain there for the time being.
What can I offer you for her return?
No thing.
I have a different opinion.
The Americans are preparing to hold Wakanda
responsible for your attack on their exploration ship
I promise my daughter and the scientist, or I will tell them you exist
If you tell the Americans about us
Or try to find us,
or discovered a single Wakandan ship in the ocean
I will kill the princess
I will come to Wakanda and kill you
So what happened?
He wants to go to war against the surface world.
He asked me to help him
for thinking.
We will never get out of here
Armi Ramhak
Kill the princess!
Army Skink.
…You are
You are the reason to kill her
...leave it
I don't have to kill you
(noise)
Move your left arm
Are you well?
Give me your beads! -
Let's go!
Give me your beads. I can save her. -
We have to go.
Shuri, I don't know who this lady is,
but we have to hear what she has to say
Look, I hit her with a sonic boom . And
it's deadly from this distance. can not survive
You do not understand. This will lead to war.
We have to go!
- Hey!
did they hurt you
No.
Thank you.
You are welcome.
"Grio" -
Yes, my queen? -
Take us back to Wakanda right now
What happened, my daughter?
Wakandis.
They came to take her
...Oh Kukulkan
can you save me
did she die
Yes.
Relax, my daughter
…they came
while you were talking to the queen?
We should not have trusted her.
The princess saw our home
What is stopping them
Than they'd come and attack the Taloscans?
I will stop them.
Get up, Taloscan!
He blinded me
Hope
In establishing a partnership.
...and has
You put us in danger
all of us.
"Talocan"
It will not change its location
once again.
(Namura)
(Atoma).
When we dump them
They will never think
in approaching
from "Talocan."
Get up, Taloscan!
We're glad you're back, Princess
The city is in tension since you left
Come on.
Reinforce sound barriers
on all waterways
Oh princess?
(Nika).
Thank the ancestors
I just wanted to bring those two back.
No, keep them
They may need you soon
Did you get this from below?
Is it true that you saw an empire under the waters?
Yes.
She is beautiful.
But these people are dangerous, Anika.
So, Miss Riri Williams
What do you think of "Wakanda"?
Stories don't do justice to this place
It's a great.
But I really want to go home.
You have to be patient
Can I at least call my mom?
Veteran Nakia
has brought the princess home
(Glory be to Hanuman.)
The spy saved "Wakanda" again
The Queen must reward her
with banishment for life
(Okoya).
Thank you my sister.
After Thanos attacked,
when you left without saying anything
it hurt me.
I regret not being with you all.
It wasn't easy
…It was
King and Black Panther, for everyone
...but for me
The world and what is in it
Dear T'Challa
When it was taken away from me so suddenly
I had to walk away
.and give myself a chance to deal with my brokenness
…I simply couldn't
To continue my life as if nothing had happened
We are under attack
.Catch
Take care of this
Are you well? did you get hurt?
Turn on the Sunbird, Grew
Where are you, Shuri?
I'm heading to town right now
!stay where you are! it's a command
I'm with Anika, Mama.
We can provide air support
Don't let her leave the lab, Anika.
-Your voice breaks, Mama.
We can't hear you!
(Shuri)!
I love you! Farewell.
Hung up on the Queen.
in the face of my mother.
There is a difference. Come on, let's go!
Raiders!
Mom!
Lancaster! Steder
Paramedics are subjected to
a form of vocal hypnosis
Take the child
Close your ears, General
I command you, my queen
can i help? -
Come on, quickly.
What a warrior!
Cross your arms.
Son...
(Nakia)
Yes.
We'll find your mom, okay?
The man the fish.
We lured the defenses away from the palace
The rest is up to you
Call for help!
Die. He's very fast. -
And faster in the water.
I enable system bypass procedures.
Wait! I'll fix it!
- I can't leave you here, Shuri!
Do you see it
Yeah, it's there
Go, my daughter
Hey, what? and leave you here?
Run!
Move now, Okoya!
Help the girl
This happened because of her
I'll be back in a week with my whole army
And you will join us to battle the surface world
Or I'll wipe Wakanda off the face of the earth
Come on, my queen
Mom.
Keep her back!
- Mom!
Mom!
Bury your dead
And grieve for those you lost
you became the queen.
Mom!
No!
Get away from me! Mom!
Mom!
Wake up my queen
I will see.
Wake up.
Help me!
Mom!
Wake up, mom
She passed away
Mom!
Condolences from the land of Jabari for your loss.
You must inherit it in line with the rituals of your ancestors
Don't concern yourself with your techniques
Why are you here?
I promised your brother that I would give you advice and protection
But I need your advice today.
The elders of your tribe came to me with a proposal
They want to evacuate the city
and set up camp on the Jabari land
I want to hear a little girl's point of view
Make fun of tradition?
...the world
The world has taken so much from you
You can't be considered a little girl anymore
It is in the interest of my people to know which option you prefer
The elders are desperate
The city is in a weak position
If you help them
They will owe you a lot
And what about your heart?
What is your heart inclined to?
I just buried the last person who knew me well
My heart is buried with her
Oh my God!
Yes, your olive oil is about to spoil
What are you doing here?
...I'm hungry, and besides
Tragedy befell the international community
Sources can now confirm the
death of Queen Raymonda, daughter of Lumumba
The Western Allies say that civil strife
...was the most likely cause of the Queen's death
So, do you have any comments?
I wonder what your friends are
hiding from you other than this.
what are you talking about
I have no unauthorized contact
with the kingdom of Wakanda
What about the beads?
What?
Beads.
You asked for a wiretap to be put
in there before you even got there
I was privy to every conversation you had
Including that call,
in which she committed treason with the Queen
May you rest in peace
but that's good, good for us at least.
Do you know? The Wakandans saved my life
They are good people
Have you thought a little about what they could do?
Have you thought about what we were going to do?
If the United States were the only country
in the world with vibranium?
I really dream about it.
Val, please, Val.
You should call me Principal de Fontaine
Your mother protected me as if I were one of her children
The least I can do is try to return the favor
We have to find a way to weaken Naymore
He will still be a problem even if we weaken him
Black Panther never failed
to protect Wakanda
Didn't you say Black Panther is gone?
My brother is gone
But this does not mean that the "Black Panther" will leave with him.
Greo?
Let's start by doing a comparative analysis
of our attempts at making an artificial heartworm
the fibers of this bracelet.
It's up to you, princess
Since these were grown
from soil rich in vibranium
There may be similarities between them that we can exploit
at the lowest level
As you wish, princess.
Upload my brother's DNA too please.
Uploading.
"Alone: ​​the name of the song"
"Burna Boy: the name of the singer"
Why don't they look like them?
His body characteristics are completely different.
None of them fly or have pointed ears like him.
The women guarding
us put water on their mouths and necks.
He wasn't putting it on.
There are many organisms that don't need gills
...to extract oxygen from water, so...
Like a jellyfish.
It only absorbs oxygen through its skin.
It's a process called diffusion.
Diffusion.
Every day that passes without us choosing a ruler is a
wasted day.
We have to deal with Naymore before
he brings his warriors back here.
How do we deal with a man who has so much power?
In that attack before he shot down your plane, he
jumped back into the water.
Could he derive strength from her?
It breathes air and gets oxygen
from the water on its skin.
It won't stay as strong
if we figure out a way to dry it.
I found it.
"Grio"
We have to convert the Royal Tylon into
a vaporization chamber.
Is this even possible?
Yes.
You're going to help us trap him and hold him.
Please direct Miss Williams
to her workplace.
Come to me from here.
How old were you when you made your first instrument?
Three years.
My stepfather was an auto mechanic, and
he wanted to build airplanes
He gave me tools and let me work on making them
So who taught you to do everything you do?
my old brother.
I was the spearhead of the Wakanda army
This does not suit me at all.
Then I became a civilian
Weapon safety
I made you a new spear, too
A new pike?
Yes.
What's the name of this contraption anyway?
"Midnight Angel"
Midnight Angel?
Listen to me, Okoya.
This will equal our palms when facing them.
I want you to be ready when I
call you, sister.
I beg you.
(noise)
Yes?
How many of these did you make?
I looked for you in the Jabari barracks.
I refuse to be forced to leave my home.
You have a rebellious spirit to the extreme.
Why did you join the warrior squad?
Why do you care?
I still have a great desire to fight.
Tell me, Anika, Kiana's daughter.
Do you still have a desire to fight?
What do you think?
"Grio"
What is the success rate?
It's 98.7 percent, princess.
Would you like me to print the herb heart-shaped?
Hello, Shuri
I expected you to be back in Haiti
by this time.
I'm still Wakandan, for your information.
…if
that's what you've been working on.
Yes.
What you have here and now.
It's an opportunity to take back the protector of Wakanda.
It will be the greatest gift.
Since the discovery of Basinga.
We'll find out soon. come.
"Grio" -
Yes, princess? -
Print it.
How will we know whether it succeeded or not?
If it glows.
You passed!
Shouldn't we light incense or something?
Bast, I know how the ancestors
got to this lab.
Are you sure you don't want me to bury you?
I do not want.
I want you to be able to reach my chest.
In anticipation of a heart attack.
Heart failure?
She's kidding.
Right?
Allow this herb to be heart-shaped.
By empowering you with the power of the Black Panther.
And it takes you to the Isthmus of the Ancestors.
"Raymonda"
We beg you to come to your daughter.
(engadaca)
My little cousin.
How?
The important thing is not how but why, right?
You chose me.
No way, I would never have chosen you.
Why did you take the herb?
To see my family. -
No, that's nonsense.
You didn't believe the "isthmus of the ancestors" was real, did you?
I couldn't believe it.
Why did you take it?
You don't need to lie to me
to be strong.
Strong for what purpose?
Did you come?
We are more alike than you think.
I took it to avenge my ancestors too.
We are not alike at all.
You took it for yourself.
Then you destroyed what was left of it
An unworthy king.
Afraid of being replaced.
Just a coward.
No.
I had the courage
to do what was necessary to change Wakanda.
How many people like yours did I protect in Wakanda
before I ascended the throne?
Cowards. Such were the Panthers
before me.
And before T'Challa
don't mention my brother.
He's dead because of you.
It burned the herb, leaving us bare.
Then Naymore attacked us and killed my mom.
You are responsible for their death.
No, I don't take responsibility for that.
And don't underestimate your mother's role.
She sacrificed her life to protect a young woman from the
lost tribe.
Your father was a hypocrite.
If he were alive, he would have killed that girl.
He didn't even shy away from killing his brother.
T'Challa was an exaggerated nobleman.
The man who killed your father was allowed to live.
And here you are standing.
Will you be as noble as your brother?
Or will you do what needs to be done.
Like me?
Are you well?
Who did you see?
No one.
What is going on?
Failed. It didn't work.
Oh Shuri
They abandoned me.
They never would have done that
I did everything I was supposed to do. I
remade the herb.
Good.
You just did your silly ritual and what did you get?
Calm down.
Why didn't they come for me? -
Just calm down.
Wow!
May I have some too?
…I suspect
that you will need a suit.
More people come from the city
they need more space.
So what?
You are visitors
It's amazing how anything can be accomplished with you guys
the princess!
I succeeded!
Black Panther comes back to life!
Naymore thinks Wakanda is in a weak state
...our queen has been killed
And our capital is destroyed.
He thinks we are immortal.
…but now
This is the time to attack.
How come we don't even know how to find it?
We'll bring Naymore to us
here again? -
No.
But to a remote location in the sea.
Good.
Suppose we succeed in this
assuming we can kill this guy.
Who can fly and can be as powerful as the Hulk.
Would killing him be the right solution?
You were calling for his death,
when his only crime was intimidation
What has changed, Lord Embaco?
His soldiers.
They didn't call him General or King,
they called him Kukulkan.
And what is this name?
Feathered serpent deity.
What?
Do you think books are not available to us
because we live in the mountains?
Elders!
If you'll excuse me,
I'd like to speak to Lord Embaco in private
Yes.
Neymore isn't done yet.
He promised to destroy the surface world
Now is our chance to defeat him.
What are you afraid of? -
War. -
If the people of Naymor really see him as a god,
we risk eternal war if we kill him.
So what?
Wasn't my mother's life worth perpetual war?
Definitely deserve it.
She definitely deserves it.
But when the war is what you want for you.
War is not what I want.
Not what I want for my people.
She talks about my mom as if she's still with us.
She talks about what she would want for me.
About her hopes and dreams.
But she is dead
trip
Naymore drowned her before my eyes
…Her dreams, goals and hopes are mine
Does not exist.
No longer important.
What matters is what I want.
And what I want is to see Neymore dead
And you will help me get what I want
is this clear?
We will leave in the morning
Welcome.
Good morning.
In case we survive this.
Know that you have a home with me in Haiti
Look. Hold my hand.
Breathing.
I need you to be honest with me, Shuri.
Who did you see when you took the herb?
If you go to war for revenge.
It will not fill the emptiness
you feel from her loss.
It will only cause it to increase
and it will possess you.
Own me and it's over.
Hey, Kukulkan, another instrument is being used to
detect vibranium in the ocean
where?
"Atlantic Ocean"
Get out of the water!
Sit tight!
For the queen.
What's up with you, Riri?
Mr. Griot,
I desperately need that support right now
Finally, she asked
Die.
It's very fast.
But I'm faster.
I got you.
It's up to you, Shuri
Princess -
No.
I am the Black Panther and I have come to seek revenge.
The fumigation cells have been activated.
What's wrong?
Need a glass of water?
We got it.
Good!
Back off!
Let's go back to Wakanda.
what is going on?
The emitter of sonic waves has been destroyed.
This does not bode well
Hey, Panther, the Sea
Leaperd has lost power. They're taking a huge toll
(Okoya).
"Panther"
(Anika)
(Okoya).
It is time.
For Wakanda!
Wakanda!
Grieux, what's the harm?
Disastrous. His spear is made of raw vibranium.
The ship could explode at any moment. -
Take us to the desert.
No!
They sank the ship!
I will take care of you, my sister.
Hold on to me.
Warrior!
Do you speak the mother tongue?
...you can use them to say hi to your ancestors.
Get away from me!
Well, come here
You will pay homage to your ancestors
May the ancestors save us
...if the princess doesn't hurry up
We may join them.
In that case,
let us take as many of them as we can
This situation was not necessary
I need water.
Will you be as noble as your brother?
Or will you do what needs to be done
Like me?
I'm not like my brother.
Naymore will beg for mercy.
While I stand by and watch him die.
"Imperious Rex!"
Wakanda "Forever"
(noise)
Mom.
Show him your true metal
give up.
Wakanda rules your oceans
We will protect your secrets
give up.
Your people will survive
We were obsessed with the desire for revenge
We must not allow our people to be possessed
give up.
O Tolcanians!
Let's go home
Our fight ended here
Wakanda "Forever"
Song name: Coming Back For You
"Fireboy DML: singer name"
Ready to go home?
As long as I'm sure the police
won't be waiting for me at the airport
do not worry. I dealt with that.
But I advise you to limit your work
in completing assignments for students for a fee
If they catch you, I can't help you with that
They said you wanted to talk to me about something
Yes.
...about your suit. Its design is cool, though
I can't let you take her with you
There is nothing wrong.
I thought it was the least I could do.
He's helping Wakanda
deal with the chaos it's caused.
I have one last thing I want to show you.
Come.
It took me time to find all the pieces in the river.
But the result was worth it
…How
It's my dad's car.
...we were working on it before that
Are you sure this is it? -
Every piece of it -
I'll have it shipped to Boston, and
it'll be there before you get there
Hug me, my friend
Panther, Miss Williams' transport has arrived.
Take care of yourself.
Are you sure you're not trying
to sneak into Chicago?
Are you watching a Bulls game?
This sounds fun,
but I have something I need to take care of
And now I present to you
Princess Shuri.
"Black Panther"
Black Panther sends her regards
But she won't be joining us today.
(I, Embaco
Leader of the Jabari tribe and son of Wakanda
I would like to participate in the challenge for the throne.
What worries you, my daughter?
…I've been looking forward to fighting alongside you all my life
...when I think of you submitting to the Wakandans
The Black Panther had many motives to kill me
Why didn't you do that in your opinion?
Black Panther is the strongest person
In the strongest nation on the surface.
But it has no allies
And now she has sympathy for the Talocan people
...with this alliance
Talokan will be stronger than ever.
...the surface world will attack Wakanda
Wakanda will turn to us
trust me.
What the hell is this?
Can we go back?
I don't know, man. We'll waste an hour
Can you go out and check it out?
Good.
Yeah, you're with Schover
There seems to be a tree blocking our way
How do you want us to act?
...what a joke
Die.
A shackled colonizer
Now I have seen all the wonders of the world.
How light-hearted you are!
Let's go.
Thank you.
You are welcome.
Welcome.
Hello!
Nice to see you.
Everything is ready. Just give me a moment.
Actually, I think I should do this alone.
You got it.
Song:
Lift Me Up by Rihanna
♪Lift me up ♪
♪ Hold me down ♪
♪ Keep me close ♪
♪ Safe and sound ♪
♪ Burning in a hopeless dream ♪
♪ Hold me to you when you go to sleep ♪
♪ Keep me in the warmth of your love ♪
♪ When you depart ♪
♪ Keep me safe ♪
♪ Safe and sound ♪
♪ Lift me up ♪
"Based on the Marvel comics."
♪ Hold me down ♪
♪ Keep me close ♪
♪ Safe and sound ♪
♪ Drowning in an endless sea ♪
♪ Take some time and stay with me ♪
♪ Keep me in the strength of your arms ♪
♪ keep me safe ♪
♪ Safe and sound ♪
♪ Lift me up ♪
♪ Hold me down ♪
♪ Keep me safe ♪
♪ Safe and sound ♪
♪ Burning in a hopeless dream ♪
♪ Hold me when you go to sleep ♪
♪ Keep me safe ♪
♪ We need light ♪
♪ We need love ♪
♪ Lift me ♪
"Marvel Studios Presents"
♪ Between your arms ♪
♪ I need love ♪
Black Panther
Wakanda forever
♪ We need light ♪
♪ We need love ♪
Oh Shuri
Can we join you now?
This is my son, Toussaint
Oh, Toussaint
This is your Aunt Shuri
Welcome.
We agreed that it would be
better for him to grow up here.
Far from the pressures of the throne.
Your father.
We prepared for his death, right?
But he didn't want us to go to the funeral
because he felt that the time was not right yet.
We had our own ceremony for him here.
Did my mom meet him?
Yes.
Glad to meet you.
Toussaint is a beautiful name
has a great history.
Thanks. Your name is great too, I think.
My mom says you are good at keeping secrets.
is that true?
Yes, I can keep on secrets.
Toussaint is my Haitian name.
who are you?
My name is Prince T'Challa, son of King T'Challa.
Dedicated to our friend Chadwick Boseman.